Adding link for more datetime function info (#443)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/cypher-intro/dates-datetimes-durations.adoc

If we want to compare durations we need to do that comparison by adding those durations to dates.
We don’t really care about dates for our query so we’ll just use the current time to work around this issue.

> We can get the current time by calling the link:{docs-home}/cypher-manual/current/functions/temporal/#functions-datetime[`datetime()` function].

Reviewer: This link does not work - I usually use the suggested attribute (haven't used docs-home)
```suggestion
We can get the current time by calling the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/cypher-manual/current/functions/temporal/#functions-datetime[`datetime()` function].
```

Also, a bunch of other temporal functions are mentoned this page, which could have a similar link, but maybe that could be for a separate pr.
